today we're going to make popcorn on the
stovetop that tastes just like the movie
theater we're going to start with a 3
quart pan over medium-high heat we're
going to add 1/3 cup of coconut oil
coconut oil has a very low smoke point
so you'll want to stay with this process
don't leave it on the stovetop
unattended I learned about coconut oil
in high school when I used to make
popcorn for the football games this is
our secret ingredient and you can buy it
in most grocery stores now you want to
add one kernel of popping corn cover the
pot once you've added this one single
kernel and you'll have to wait
approximately four minutes for this one
kernel to pop once it does you need to
be ready to go take the lid off the pan
cover the bottom of the pan the popcorn
completely
now add one teaspoon of butter flavored
salt and make sure you spread it around
really good in the pan immediately put
the top back on your pan and now you
want to ventilate this pan really well
to allow all the moisture to escape
there's a lot of steam and condensation
that's going to be generated by this
process careful some of the kernels you
may try to escape if you have in it too
much so I like to hold the lid up as you
can see you lose a kernel just make sure
it doesn't get on the actual stove eye
or it will catch fire this process takes
barely even one minute once the popcorn
starts to pop now you'll want to have a
big bowl ready to empty your pan full of
popcorn into
now you can serve it up in that bowl or
in one of these fancy little holders
like we have thank you and enjoy your
popcorn come visit us at h OE i comm
ford slash
grill